This was a challenging project for many reasons. Mainly, this was my first project using javascript functions. At first, I was still trying to wrap my head around how functions were supposed to work, however by completing this Rock Paper Scissors game, I feel that my understanding has improved significantly. 

The project itself was divided into two parts. The original file, labeled original_index.html, would prompt the user for an input and proceed to play the game entirely in the console. I spent several days trying to come up with solutions on my own, however, I eventually realised, after a little bit of googling, that I was overthinking several of the steps involved. The hardest part was getting the game to play five rounds. Once I found a function that worked, I had trouble reconciling it with functions I already had but after a little bit of tweaking, I was able to get everything working. 

The second part of the project tasked me to rework my original file to include buttons that a user could click on for the different choices instead of inputing their choice. This version also needed to play the game until the user or the computer reached five points. I found this one much easier to accomplish, although I still used google a lot. I found some very simple and concise ways to get my user and computer inputs, although creating a function and adding event listeners to the buttons to start the game was tricky. My solution to create one variable for all the buttons and then use the forEach method and an arrow function to add the event listener that would call the playRound function using the computerSelection and button.id as parameters. After finding the solution, I had another issue which was getting the game to stop after five points. I tried creating a function that disabled the buttons, however a simpler solution was found that I was able to integrate into my buttons' previous function that stops the event listeners by returning false if either the humanScore or computerScore equaled five points. The last issue I had was getting the final message to display automatically after five points. For this I created a function called checkWinner that I called each time the game was played but would only return a message if one of the players achieved a score of five points.
